Add Step Functions MVP examples (#4471)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: javav2/example_code/stepfunctions/Readme.md

- [List state machines](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/route53/src/main/java/com/example/route/HelloStepFunctions.java) (listStateMachines command)
- [Retrieve the history of a specific execution](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/stepfunctions/src/main/java/com/example/stepfunctions/GetExecutionHistory.java) (getExecutionHistory command)
- [Retrieve a list of failed executions](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/stepfunctions/src/main/java/com/example/stepfunctions/GetFailedExecutions.java) (listExecutions command)
- [Send a success response to a task](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/route53/src/main/java/com/example/route/StepFunctionsScenario.java) (sendTaskSuccess command)
- [Start a state machine](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/route53/src/main/java/com/example/route/StepFunctionsScenario.java) (startExecution command)

> ### Scenario 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scenarios 
```

 ## Test the AWS Step FunctionsJava files
 
 ⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

You can test the Java code example for AWS Step Functions by running a test file named **StepFunctionsTest**. This file uses JUnit 5 to run the JUnit tests and is located in the **src/test/java** folder. For more information, see [https://junit.org/junit5/](https://junit.org/junit5/).

You can run the JUnit tests from an IDE, such as IntelliJ, or from the command line. As each test runs, you can view messages that inform you if the various tests succeed or fail. For example, the following message informs you that Test 3 passed.

	Test 3 passed

**WARNING**: _Running these JUnit tests manipulates real AWS resources and might incur charges on your account._

 ### Properties file
Before running the JUnit tests, you must define values in the **config.properties** file located in the **resources** folder. This file contains values that are required to run the JUnit tests. If you do not define all values, the JUnit tests fail.

> Define these value to successfully run the JUnit tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the following values to successfully run the JUnit tests:
```
